Simon project for CS260

In the HTML assigment I learned about hte importanxe of using hyperlinks to be able to connect different HTML pages together.

In this assigment I learned a bit more about how to inplement a list, from the previous assignment I wasn't really clear on how a table would look like when it was presented but after writing a table in the Score.html it provided me with more understanding of what the html was doing and how it would look with information. The other think that I engoyed seeing work was how clean we can make our page look when we use hyperlinks to point people to the other pages that our website uses. The last thing that I learned was how to implement the image that shows up on the browser tab, I wasnt sure how to do that before but I saw how the name and image are all centered within the head of the html document.

In the Java Script part of Simon I learned alot concering how to implement async function times, how to delay function execution and it brought to my mind the ability to declare multiple classes in a single file. I also learned about how to store data locally so that I could present it to the user.

In the service part of the assignment I had a hard time depolying my code onto my domain and noticed that the deployServie was only adding my .js files as I read the index.js file I noticed that It read all the other content from a folder called public. After adding the folder 'public' to my code it all deployed correctly. I learned that the .js files read content from other files beaucse this also occurs in the play.js file when we are using the sounds in the game. I am wondering eveytime that we clone the code into our machine do we have to run all the npm commands again or is that already loaded into the files that we commited?

In the Simon DB section I found it really intresting and fun to mess with adding things to the database yourself. For example adding a fake score into the simon application. I also learned the importance of setting your enviornment variables because everytime I would load my application it would have the variables from Professor Jensen instead of an empty score board.

In the login part of this simon, one of the questions that was raised into my mind was how we are storing the username and password for our website. For example we can create multiple accounts and play them on the same website and the score will be kept in the mongodb database that we created so that eveytime we pull up the scores it shows all the people who have played it, but how will that be done with usernames, passwords and authTokens? Is there a local database that just saves that? If so how does it sign people in when the server is cleared. (My SERVER WAS NOT UPDATING EARLIER SO NOW I SEE THAT IT CREATES A NEW USER DATABASE WITH ALL THAT INFORMATION). Now that I noticed a new database is created, why can we just save the score under the user tabs, and request just the score infomration from each user and present that to eveyone when the score board is requested?  I understand the importance of hashing a password, but if we are going to all that trouble to hash and store that password, can we just create a password for them, just like we did for the token it seems just as random and effective for saftey. 